# pythonClassSort
For this week, I want you guys to get familiar with Git.  Take a look at my git tutorial I sent you in a previous email I've sent you.  Git has a pretty steep learning curve,  It can be frustrating so be patient and look things up. 

For this week's programming practice I want you to implement a sorting algorithm.  You can pick an algorithm of your choosing (some examples from easy to hard are:  bubble sort, insertion sort(only works once something has been sorted), quick-sort, etc.  It doesn't have to be one of these).  There are tons of examples online and you will most likely even be able to find solutions, but I encourage you to try to figure it out on your own or just look at pseudo code and not actual solutions. As a last resort you can then look at solutions online for help if you are stuck.  (don't worry about all of the O(n^2) stuff.  It is just notation for time complexity, if you are interested in seeing how fast algorithms are theoretically, I recommend looking it up.  It is called Big O notation)

So all you need to do is make an array and populate that array (you should just fill it with integers for now).  Instead of dong it by hand, just use a loop to insert random values into an array 100 times or more.  and then use your sort algorithm to sort it.  You can use python's built in random generator but you may not use Python's built in sorting method.

When you are done with your program, push it back up to this repository (repo for short) and you should all be able to see each other's solutions if you are watching the repo.  You can either use Github's GUI application or the bash terminal (using the terminal would be a good use of your new found terminal skillz).  Or you could even probably download git on cygwin for those of you running windows.
